after a sharp devaluation of the hryvnia and
amid annual inflation of 20 percent
Ukrainians are increasingly thinking about
investing in banking metals
All the more so for the purchase of a small
golden means a few grams to you
only 1,000 hryvnia banks will be needed
offer mostly stamped
999 ingots samples weighing from 1 gram to 5
kilogram there are also cast ingots but by
research just a bank sells them
only two institutions yes it is nominal from
250 grams
gram of gold tiles significantly depends
from his weight so chose an ingot weighing 500
gram
they are small on every gram of gold you
save up to 100 hryvnia but buy
overly large as very small
bullion is not worth selling because then
it will be extremely difficult profitable
invest in bars weighing from 20 to
100 grams important nuance
specify casting exactly gold you
buy orienting is worth on
the world's leading manufacturers because of them
Gold follow can be quick and easy
sell in Ukraine they are represented in
mainly three companies
credit suisse are bloody rose and yumiko
manufacturer usually puts on bars
it is precisely the stigma
invest gold be patient
be able to make a deal will bring profit only
long term 5-10 years when
it is profitable to buy bars
Vice President of a well-known foreign
investment fund says that
this should be done in a crisis
state of the economy when it is very likely
devaluation of the national currency so what
we will analyze the Ukrainian market by
data just bank sale price
January gold rolled back to
minimum values ​​for the last three
of the year
and in the next few months
rapidly rose to the maximum
marks for the same period and continues
move upward at such price
seesaw an investor could earn about
250 hryvnia per gram 50 thunder
ingot is easy to calculate that in general
his profit may be about 12 s
half a thousand hryvnia but to achieve
Such results need not only train
respond to market conditions but also
find a great deal
because gold is sold and even more so
far from all banks are buying back
if they exhibit metal courses
most likely you will have to spend money
and on the rental bank cell where will
stored in your media so although costs are not
so great
about a thousand hryvnia per year about how
to choose the bank safe, we
told in one of the previous
reviews
Of course, no one forbids you to keep
ingot at home but when you follow it
sales you have to pay for
expertise gold especially as an apartment
the ingot may get scratched or
damage in some way but in
In this case, its cost is significantly
fall note purchase ingot
worth more than 50 thousand hryvnia
implies full identification
personalities
Well learn all the nuances of selection
gold bar you just
come to the bank branch and even better in
his head office and buy gold but
just regiment wants to take only
profitable financial solutions